I was in London at the time and I couldn't believe it really. I had no idea.
I didn't know where Abervane was, but I remember sitting reading it on the paper and then seeing the dreadful, dreadful things.
That actually was another big thing, wasn't it? But I remember Abervane very, very clearly. I had no idea how bad it was.
And then when I came up here, talking to Welsh people, I came from a place like Caerphilly and so on, just down the road.
They told us what it was like and how dangerous it was with all the things overhanging the valley.
And they used to say, oh, we knew it was going to happen. We knew it was going to happen.
But that was something like, again, you live in London, you don't know much about Wales.
It's not patronising, you just don't. You just don't.
Do you remember anything you particularly saw in the coverage on television?
Well, I remember that. Some of the families were interviewed.
I can't remember the details, but I can remember these totally distraught people who just couldn't believe it.
The parents of the kids and so on who died in the school.
And they spoke in this much stronger accent, which we aren't familiar with.
And the shots of the slurry and so on.
There was a guy called Harry Webb, I seem to remember, who spoke very powerfully about it.
More than powerfully, he was very, very angry.
He wanted to, I think he wanted to charge the National Cold War with murder, I think.
I'm not quite sure about that, but it was very, very emotional.
I remember the emotion came over off the television very strongly.
So actually that was probably as strong as the moon landing.
Do you remember that?
I do.